Adding STAR aligner metrics and snm3c diagram (#1394)
broadinstitute/warp: website/docs/Pipelines/Optimus_Pipeline/starsolo-metrics.md

**noUnmapped** represents the number of reads that were not aligned to any feature in the genome.
**noNoFeature** reflects reads that were aligned but did not map to any specific feature such as exons or genes.
**MultiFeature** counts reads that were aligned to multiple features.
**yesWLmatch** and **yesCellBarcodes** track how well reads match the barcode whitelist, an important step in identifying valid cell barcodes, which helps demultiplex the single-cell RNA-seq data​.

Each of the table metrics gives insights into different stages of read alignment, from barcode matching to gene feature mapping, allowing you to assess the quality and accuracy of the alignment step in the pipeline.

| Metrics name | Description | 
| --- | --- | 
| noUnmapped | Number of unmapped reads | 
| noNoFeature | Number of reads not mapped to a feature. | 
| MultiFeature | Number of reads aligned to multiple features. | 
| subMultiFeatureMultiGenomic | Number of reads mapping to multiple genomic loci and multiple features. | 
| noTooManyWLmatches | Number of reads not counted because their barcoded pair has too many matches to the whitelist. | 

> | noMMtoWLwithoutExact | Numbner of reads not counted because their barcoded pair has mismatches to the whitelist and there's no more reads supporting that barcode. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| noMMtoWLwithoutExact | Number of reads not counted because their barcoded pair has mismatches to the whitelist and there's no more reads supporting that barcode. | 
```

| yesWLmatch | Number of reads whose barcoded pair has a match to the whitelist. |
| yessubWLmatchExact | Number of reads with cell barcode exactly matched to the whitelist (a subset of yesWLmatch). | 

> | yessubWLmatch_UniqueFeature | Number of reads with matched to the WL and unique feature (a subset of yesWLmatch). | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| yessubWLmatch_UniqueFeature | Number of reads matched to the WL and unique feature (a subset of yesWLmatch). | 
```

**genomeU** and **genomeM** count reads mapped to one or multiple loci in the genome, respectively.
**exonic** and **intronic** track reads mapping to annotated exons or introns, helping distinguish between different gene regions in the analysis.

These metrics are important for assessing the quality of individual cell barcodes.

| Metrics  |  Description  | 
| --- | --- |        
| CB | Cell barcode  | 
| cbMatch | Number of reads that matched the cell barcode. |  
| cbPerfect | Number of perfect matches on cell barcode. |    
| cbMMunique | Number of reads with cell barcodes that map with mismatches to one barcode in the passlist. | 
| cbMMmultiple | Number of reads with cell barcodes that map with mismatches to multiple barcodes in the passlist. |    
| genomeU | Number of reads mapping to one locus in the genome. |  
| genomeM | Number of reads mapping to multiple loci in the genome. |  
| featureU | Number of reads mapping to one feature (Gene, GeneFull, etc). | 
| featureM | Number of reads mapping to multiple features. |  
| exonic | Number of reads mapping to annotated exons. | 

> | intronic | Number of reads mapping to annotated introns;these are only calculated for --soloFeatures GeneFull_Ex50pAS and/or GeneFull_ExonOverIntron. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| intronic | Number of reads mapping to annotated introns; these are only calculated for --soloFeatures GeneFull_Ex50pAS and/or GeneFull_ExonOverIntron. | 
```

| exonicAS | Number of reads mapping antisense to annotated exons. | 
| intronicAS | Number of reads mapping antisense to annotated introns; these are only calculated for --soloFeatures GeneFull_Ex50pAS. | 

> | mito | for the number of read mapping on mitochondrial genome. |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mito | Number of reads mapping to the mitochondrial genome. |  
```
